docs: note on locator handler trigger (#30004)
microsoft/playwright: docs/src/api/class-page.md

Things to keep in mind:
* When an overlay is shown predictably, we recommend explicitly waiting for it in your test and dismissing it as a part of your normal test flow, instead of using [`method: Page.addLocatorHandler`].

> * Playwright checks for the overlay every time before executing or retrying an action that requires an [actionability check](../actionability.md), or before performing an auto-waiting assertion check. When overlay is visible, Playwright calls the handler first, and then proceeds with the action/assertion. Note that the handler is called only when you perform an action and the locator is visible, if the overlay becomes visible but you don't call any action, the hadler will not be triggered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Playwright checks for the overlay every time before executing or retrying an action that requires an [actionability check](../actionability.md), or before performing an auto-waiting assertion check. When overlay is visible, Playwright calls the handler first, and then proceeds with the action/assertion. Note that the handler is only called when you perform an action/assertion - if the overlay becomes visible but you don't perform any actions, the handler will not be triggered.
```
